MOM, WOULD YOU RELAX?
THAT WAS TEN BLOCKS FROM HERE
AND THE WOMAN
WAS WALKING ALONE AT NIGHT.
I WOULD NEVER DO THAT.
MOM, COME ON, STOP WORRYING.
THIS IS A SAFE STREET.
THIS IS A SAFE BUILDING.
THERE'S NOTHING... OH, MY GOD!
MY GOD!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN HERE?!
MOM, I GOT TO GO,
I GOT TO GO!
( yelps )
OH, MY GOD.
OKAY.
THAT'S FINE.
YOU JUST READ THE PAPER.
I'M GOING TO GET A POT.
IT'S NOT FOR YOU.
OKAY, THAT'S FINE.
READ "THE FAMILY CIRCUS."
ENJOY THE GENTLE COMEDY.
( squealing )
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD...
OH, GOD... OH... OH...
( doorbell ringing )
IT'S OPEN, YOU GUYS.
HI.
HI. HEY, CAN I HELP YOU?
DOES PHOEBE STILL LIVE HERE?
UH, NO, BUT I CAN GET
A MESSAGE TO HER.
GREAT. JUST TELL HER
HER HUSBAND STOPPED BY.
HER WHAT?
HEY, HOW..?
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
UH...
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN
YOUR DAY, YOUR WEEK ♪
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE,
PHOEBS.
HOW CAN YOU
BE MARRIED?
WELL, I'M NOT
MARRIED MARRIED.
HE WAS JUST A FRIEND,
AND HE'S GAY
AND HE WAS FROM CANADA,
AND HE JUST NEEDED A GREEN CARD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU MARRIED DUNCAN.
HOW COULD YOU
NOT TELL ME?
WE LIVED TOGETHER.
WE TOLD EACH OTHER
EVERYTHING.
I'M SORRY, MONICA,
BUT I KNEW IF I TOLD YOU
YOU'D GET REALLY JUDGMENTAL
AND YOU WOULD NOT APPROVE.
OF COURSE, I
WOULDN'T APPROVE.
I MEAN, YOU WERE
TOTALLY IN LOVE
WITH THIS GUY WHO--
HELLO-- WAS GAY.
WHAT THE HELL
WERE YOU THINKING?
SEE, AND YOU THOUGHT
SHE'D BE JUDGMENTAL.
OKAY, I WASN'T "IN LOVE"
WITH HIM, AND I WAS JUST
HELPING OUT A FRIEND.
PLEASE.
WHEN HE LEFT TOWN, YOU STAYED
IN YOUR PAJAMAS FOR A MONTH
AND I SAW YOU
EAT A CHEESEBURGER.
( gasping )
WELL, DIDN'T YOU?
I MIGHT HAVE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME.
COME ON. LIKE YOU
TELL ME EVERYTHING?
WHAT HAVE I
NOT TOLD YOU?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
UM, HOW ABOUT THE FACT
THAT THE UNDERWEAR OUT
ON THE TELEPHONE POLE IS YOURS
FROM WHEN YOU WERE HAVING SEX
WITH FUN BOBBY
OUT ON THE TERRACE.
WHAT?!
WAIT A MINUTE...
WHO TOLD YOU?
YOU ARE DEAD MEAT.
I DIDN'T KNOW IT
WAS A BIG SECRET.
OH, IT'S NOT BIG,
NOT AT ALL.
YOU KNOW, KIND OF
ON THE SAME LINES AS, SAY
I DON'T KNOW,
HAVING A THIRD NIPPLE!
( gasping )
YOU HAVE A THIRD NIPPLE?
YOU BITCH.
WHIP IT OUT.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
COME ON.
THERE'S NOTHING TO SEE.
IT'S TOTALLY USELESS.
OH, AS OPPOSED TO YOUR OTHER
MULTIFUNCTIONAL NIPPLES.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU.
YOU TOLD ME IT WAS A NUBBIN.
JOEY, WHAT DID YOU
THINK A NUBBIN WAS?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU SEE SOMETHING.
YOU HEAR A WORD.
I THOUGHT THAT'S WHAT IT WAS.
LET ME SEE IT AGAIN.
YEAH, SHOW IT TO US.
( clamoring )
JOEY WAS IN A PORNO MOVIE.
( gasping )
IF I'M GOING DOWN,
I'M TAKING EVERYBODY WITH ME.
OH, MY GOD!
A PORNO MOVIE?
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
I WAS YOUNG, AND I
JUST WANTED A JOB, OKAY?
BUT I COULDN'T GO
THROUGH WITH IT
SO THEY LET ME BE THE GUY
WHO COMES IN TO FIX THE COPIER
BUT CAN'T, BECAUSE THERE'S
PEOPLE HAVING SEX ON IT.
THAT IS WILD!
( chuckling )
WHAT'S IT SHAPED LIKE?
IS THERE A HAIR ON IT?
WHAT HAPPENS
IF YOU FLICK IT?
SO, UH, DOES IT DO ANYTHING,
YOU KNOW, SPECIAL?
WELL, YES, ROSS.
PRESSING MY THIRD NIPPLE
OPENS THE DELIVERY ENTRANCE
TO THE MAGICAL LAND
OF NARNIA.
YOU KNOW, IN SOME CULTURES
HAVING A THIRD NIPPLE
IS A SIGN OF VIRILITY.
YOU GET THE BEST HUTS
AND WOMEN DANCE
NAKED AROUND YOU.
ARE ANY OF THESE CULTURES
PERCHANCE IN THE TRI-STATE AREA?
YOU KNOW, YOU ARE
SO AMAZING.
IS THERE ANYTHING
YOU DON'T KNOW?
( nasally ):
OOH, JULIE'S SO SMART.
JULIE'S SO SPECIAL.
LOOK, I WANTED YOU
TO HOOK UP WITH ROSS
AS MUCH AS YOU DID,
BUT HE'S WITH HER NOW.
YOU'RE JUST GOING TO
HAVE TO GET OVER IT.
OH, I'M GOING TO HAVE
TO GET OVER IT.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT'S
WHAT I HAD TO DO.
I JUST HAVE TO GET OVER IT.
FOXY LADY!
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M GOING TO GO MEET DUNCAN.
HE'S SKATING TONIGHT
AT THE GARDEN.
HE'S IN THE CAPADES.
THE ICE CAPADES?
NO, NO. THE GRAVEL CAPADES.
THE TURNS AREN'T AS FAST,
BUT WHEN SNOOPY FALLS-- FUNNY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE
DRESSING UP FOR HIM.
YOU'RE SETTING YOURSELF
UP ALL OVER AGAIN.
OKAY, NO.
FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
I'M GOING TO SEE HIM
SO I CAN PUT
ALL THOSE FEELINGS BEHIND ME.
AND THE REASON
I'M DRESSED LIKE THIS
IS BECAUSE I THINK
IT'S NICE TO LOOK NICE
FOR YOUR GAY HUSBAND.
OH, DARN IT,
WE'RE ALL OUT OF MILK.
HEY, CHANDLER
WOULD YOU FILL
ME UP HERE?
OH, I SEE... I SEE... BECAUSE
OF THE THIRD NIPPLE THING.
( mock laughter )
SWEETIE, I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
BYE.
SEE YOU LATER, RACH.
( nasally ):
BYE-BYE, JULIE.
HEY!
HEY.
HEY, COME ON, CUT IT OUT.
HEY...
WHAT?
CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
SURE.
( groans )
WHAT?
COME ON, TALK TO ME.
OKAY.
WHAT'S THE LONGEST
YOU'VE BEEN IN
A RELATIONSHIP BEFORE...
HA-HAVING..?
HAVING HAD SEX?
WHY? WHO'S NOT HAVING..?
ARE YOU AND JULIE
NOT.... OR ARE AND..
NOT HAVING SEX?
WELL... TECHNICALLY?
NO.
WOW.
IS IT BECAUSE
SHE'S SO COLD IN BED?
OR IS BECAUSE SHE'S
LIKE KIND OF BOSSY,
MAKES IT FEEL LIKE SCHOOL?
NO... NO, SHE'S GREAT
AND IT'S NOT LIKE WE
HAVEN'T DONE... ANYTHING.
I MEAN, UH, WE... WE DO
PLENTY OF OTHER STUFF...
LOTS OF OTHER
STUFF, LIKE...
NO, NO, NO, NO.
DON'T NEED TO KNOW THE DETAILS.
THAT'S OKAY.
IT'S JUST...
IT'S... IT'S ME.
YOU KNOW, I'VE ONLY
BEEN WITH ONE WOMAN
MY WHOLE LIFE, AND SHE
TURNED OUT TO BE A LESBIAN.
UH-HUH.
SO NOW, I'VE GOT MYSELF
ALL PSYCHED-OUT, YOU KNOW
AND IT'S BECOME LIKE THIS...
THIS THING, AND I...
YOU MUST JUST THINK I'M WEIRD.
NO. NO, NO, NO, I
DON'T THINK IT'S WEIRD.
I THINK... I THINK,
UM, IN FACT...
IN FACT, YOU
KNOW WHAT I THINK?
WHAT?
I THINK IT'S SEXY.
SEXY?
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
AS A WOMAN...
MM-HMM?
...THERE IS NOTHING
SEXIER THAN A MAN
WHO DOES NOT WANT
TO HAVE SEX.
NO KIDDING?
OH, YEAH. IN FACT,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'D DO?
WHAT?
I'D WAIT.
YOU'D WAIT?
YES, ABSOLUTELY.
I WOULD WAIT, AND WAIT.
THEN I'D WAIT
SOME MORE.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH.
I DON'T CARE HOW MUCH
SHE TELLS YOU SHE WANTS IT.
I DON'T CARE IF SHE BEGS,
SHE PLEADS, SHE TELLS YOU
SHE'S GOING TO HAVE SEX
WITH... WITH ANOTHER MAN.
THAT JUST MEANS
IT'S WORKING.
WOMEN REALLY WANT THIS?
MM-HMM, MORE
THAN JEWELRY.
HI.
PHOEBE...
♪ TA-DAH! ♪
HEY.
HI.
AH, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
DO I?
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
SO DO YOU.
THANKS.
SPARKLY.
YEAH.
SO... WOW.
THIS IS... THIS IS
PRETTY WONDERFUL, HUH?
MR. MAJOR CAPADES GUY.
GOD, I...
I REMEMBER
WHERE YOU WERE JUST LIKE
KING FRIDAY
IN MR. ROGER'S ICE IS NICE.
YEAH, YOU
ALWAYS SAID I'D MAKE IT.
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
I'M KIND OF SPOOKY THAT WAY.
GOD, I MISSED YOU.
I'M GOING TO GET CHANGED.
OKAY.
UM... NOW.
WHAT?
PHOEBS?
OH, RIGHT. OKAY.
OLE.
WHAT?
UM... THE MATADOR, SO...
OLE.
( laughing )
SWEET, CAN YOU HOLD
THIS FOR A SECOND?
SURE.
THANKS.
UH, JULIE?
YEAH.
SORRY. YOU HAD
A PALEONTOLOGIST ON YOUR FACE.
BUT IT'S GONE NOW.
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT, EVERYONE.
GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD-BYE.
OH, LISTEN...
I JUST... I WANTED TO
THANK YOU FOR, UH...
OUR LITTLE TALK BEFORE.
OH, GOD, NO PROBLEM.
SO YOU'RE GOING TO GO
WITH THE WAITING THING?
WELL, I WAS GOING TO
BUT AFTER I TALKED TO
YOU, I TALKED TO JOEY.
WHAT..? WHAT DID HE SAY?
BASICALLY, HE TOLD ME
TO GET OVER MYSELF
AND JUST DO IT.
SO I THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT YOU SAID
AND I THOUGHT
ABOUT WHAT HE SAID
AND, WELL, HIS WAY I GET
TO HAVE SEX TONIGHT, SO...
OH, GOD.
HMM.
WHAT IS THIS
IN MY POCKET?
WHY, IT'S JOEY'S PORNO MOVIE.
Ross:
HEY.
POP IT IN.
I'M FINE WITH IT.
I MEAN, IF YOU'RE OKAY
WATCHING A VIDEO FILLED
WITH TWO-NIPPLED
PEOPLE.
Rachel:
GREAT.
PEOPLE HAVING SEX--
THAT'S JUST WHAT I NEED TO SEE.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH PEOPLE
HAVING SEX?
( clears throat ) WELL...
WELL, UM, YOU KNOW
THESE MOVIES ARE OFFENSIVE...
AND, UH, DEGRADING TO WOMEN...
AND FEMALES...
AND, UH...
AND THE LIGHTING'S
ALWAYS UNFLATTERING.
AND...
MONICA, HELP ME OUT HERE.
HELL, I WANT TO SEE JOEY!
( cheesy music playing )
SO, IS THERE
LIKE A STORY
OR DO THEY JUST START
DOING IT RIGHT..?
OH. NEVER MIND.
OKAY, NOW,
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT IS THE CRAZIEST
TYPING TEST
I'VE EVER SEEN.
ALL I SAY IS,
SHE BETTER GET THE JOB.
LOOKS TO ME LIKE
HE'S THE ONE GETTING
THE JOB.
SHH.
OKAY, HERE I COME.
HERE I COME.
SEE, I'M COMING
TO FIX THE COPIER.
I CAN'T GET TO THE COPIER.
I'M THINKING, "WHAT DO I DO?
WHAT DO I DO?"
SO I JUST WATCH THEM HAVE SEX.
AND THEN I SAY...
WAIT, HERE'S MY LINE.
You know, that's bad
for the paper tray.
NICE WORK,
MY FRIEND.
THANK YOU.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
YOU SEE ME AGAIN.
HANG ON.
THE GUY'S BUTT'S BLOCKING ME.
THERE I AM.
SO WHAT'S UP?
YOU CAME TO SEE ME YESTERDAY.
OH, YEAH, UM...
ALL RIGHT.
I KIND OF NEED A DIVORCE.
O... KAY.
H-HOW COME?
UM, ACTUALLY,
I'M GETTING MARRIED AGAIN.
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO TELL YOU THIS.
I'M STRAIGHT.
( gasps )
YEAH, I KNOW, I..
I, I DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW CAN YOU
BE STRAIGHT?
I MEAN, YOU'RE
SO SMART AND FUNNY
AND YOU THROW SUCH GREAT
ACADEMY AWARD PARTIES.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
THAT'S WHAT I KEPT
TELLING MYSELF.
BUT YOU JUST REACH A POINT
WHERE YOU CAN'T
LIVE A LIE
ANYMORE.
SO HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN?
WELL, I GUESS ON SOME LEVEL
I ALWAYS KNEW I WAS STRAIGHT.
I THOUGHT
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE SOMETHING ELSE.
YOU KNOW, I'M AN ICE DANCER.
ALL MY FRIENDS ARE GAY.
I WAS JUST TRYING TO FIT IN.
AND, UM...
AND THERE'S ACTUALLY
A... A WOMAN?
HER NAME'S DEBORAH.
OH.
WELL, IS, IS SHE THE FIRST
THAT YOU'VE BEEN WITH?
WELL, I'VE NEVER
TOLD YOU THIS, BUT...
THERE WERE ONE OR TWO TIMES
BACK IN COLLEGE
WHEN I'D GET REALLY DRUNK,
GO TO A STRAIGHT BAR
AND WAKE UP WITH A WOMAN
NEXT TO ME.
BUT, I, I...
I TOLD MYSELF IT WAS THE LIQUOR
AND EVERYONE EXPERIMENTS
IN COLLEGE.
SURE.
BUT NOW
I KNOW I DON'T HAVE A CHOICE
ABOUT THIS.
I WAS BORN THIS WAY.
I, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW
YOU'RE MARRIED TO SOMEONE
FOR SIX YEARS
AND YOU THINK YOU KNOW HIM
AND THEN ONE DAY HE SAYS,
"OH, I'M NOT GAY."
I'M... I'M STILL ME.
WHY COULDN'T YOU JUST HAVE
FIGURED THIS OUT
SIX YEARS AGO?
YOU KNOW, IT STILL SMELLS
LIKE MONKEY IN THERE?
WELL, THAT SAVES US
A CONVERSATION.
WELL, LISTEN, THIS
HAS BEEN GREAT
BUT I'M
OFFICIALLY WIPED.
ME TOO.
WE SHOULD GO.
NO!
NO, I MEAN... NO.
COME ON, YOU GUYS.
I MEAN...
COME ON.
LOOK, IT'S ONLY 11:30.
LET'S JUST TALK.
WE NEVER JUST HANG OUT
AND TALK ANYMORE.
RACHEL
THAT'S ALL WE DO.
OKAY, MAYBE THAT'S ALL WE DO.
WHAT ABOUT JULIE?
WELL, YOU HAVE BEEN
IN OUR LIVES
FOR NEARLY
TWO MONTHS NOW
AND WE DON'T REALLY KNOW YOU.
I MEAN, WHO IS JULIE?
I MEAN
WHAT DO YOU LIKE?
WHAT DON'T YOU LIKE?
WE WANT TO KNOW EVERYTHING.
WELL, THAT COULD
TAKE A WHILE.
SO?
I MEAN, WHO HERE
DOES NOT HAVE THE TIME
TO GET TO KNOW JULIE?
I GOT THE TIME TO GET
TO KNOW JULIE.
I GOT TIME.
UH, RACH?
I KNOW HER
PRETTY WELL.
CAN I GO?
THAT'S FINE.
OKAY, JULIE, SO NOW LET'S START
WITH YOUR CHILDHOOD.
WHAT WAS
THAT LIKE?
WELL, IN A NUT SHELL...
UH, UH, UH, UH.
SO, UM, HAVE YOU
TOLD YOUR PARENTS?
NO, BUT IT'LL BE OKAY.
THEY'RE PRETTY COOL.
MY BROTHER'S STRAIGHT, SO...
HERE YOU GO.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I JUST HAVE ONE MORE QUESTION.
UM, IF YOU HAD FIGURED
THIS OUT SOONER
AND, UM...
I HAD BEEN AROUND
DO YOU THINK THAT
I WOULD HAVE BEEN
THE ONE WHO..?
NO, NO.
THAT'S RIGHT.
DON'T TELL ME.
I DON'T THINK EITHER ANSWER
WOULD MAKE ME FEEL BETTER.
HERE.
I LOVE YOU, PHOEBE.
SO YOUR BROTHER'S
STRAIGHT, HUH?
SERIOUSLY.
AND MY SECOND GRADE TEACHER
WAS MISS THOMAS.
AND MY FIRST GRADE TEACHER
WAS MRS. COBB.
MRS.... MRS. GOB?
NO, COBB.
LIKE COBB SALAD.
HMM. OKAY.
NOW, WHAT EXACTLY
IS IN A COBB SALAD?
I'M GOING HOME.
WHY?
SAY GOODNIGHT, RACH.
THAT JULIE'S
A TALKER, HUH?
GOODNIGHT.
WHEW!
IT'S PRETTY LATE.
YOU'RE PROBABLY
NOT STILL PLANNING ON...
OH... NO, NO, I AM.
OH. OH, WELL...
OH, HEY,
ARE YOU NERVOUS?
NO.
NO, I, UH...
I HAVE DONE IT BEFORE.
WELL, OKAY, I MEAN...
HOW ARE YOU GOING
TO HANDLE IT?
ARE YOU GOING TO TALK
ABOUT IT BEFOREHAND?
ARE YOU JUST
GOING TO POUNCE?
I, UH... I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I'M JUST GOING TO...
SEE... SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
OKAY.
GOOD LUCK.
WHAT, UH..?
( clears throat )
WHAT?
WELL, NOTHING.
I MEAN, UM...
IT IS YOUR FIRST
TIME WITH HER
AND, YOU KNOW
IF THE FIRST TIME
DOESN'T GO WELL
WELL, THEN, THAT'S
PRETTY DARN HARD
TO RECOVER FROM.
OKAY, NOW I'M NERVOUS.
WELL, MAYBE YOU
SHOULD PUT IT OFF.
NO, I DON'T WANT
TO PUT IT OFF.
I...
GOD, I'M JUST...
I SPENT LAST YEAR BEING
SO UNBELIEVABLY MISERABLE.
AND NOW, NOW...
I'M ACTUALLY HAPPY.
YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
REALLY HAPPY.
I JUST, I JUST...
DON'T WANT TO...
I DON'T WANT
TO MESS IT UP.
YOU KNOW?
I KNOW.
YEAH.
I'M SORRY.
NO, IT'S...
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
RIGHT.
MAYBE IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO BE THIS TOUGH.
MAYBE YOU WERE
ON THE RIGHT TRACK
WITH THAT WHOLE, YOU KNOW,
SPONTANEOUS THING.
I MEAN, WOMEN REALLY LIKE THAT.
REALLY?
YEAH.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW...
I MEAN, IF IT WERE ME...
YEAH.
I'D WANT YOU TO...
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW,
CATCH ME OFF-GUARD
YOU KNOW, WITH LIKE
A REALLY GOOD KISS.
YOU KNOW, REALLY...
SORT OF, UM, SOFT... AT FIRST.
AND THEN MAYBE, UM...
BRUSH THE HAIR AWAY
FROM MY FACE.
YEAH.
AND THEN LOOK
FAR INTO MY EYES...
IN A WAY THAT LET'S ME KNOW
SOMETHING...
AMAZING IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
UH-HUH.
AND THEN,
I DON'T KNOW--
THEN YOU'D PULL ME
REALLY CLOSE TO YOU
SO THAT, SO THAT
I'D BE PRESSED UP
RIGHT AGAINST YOU.
AND, UM...
IT WOULD GET KIND OF...
SWEATY...
AND, UH, AND BLURRY...
AND THEN IT'S
JUST HAPPENING.
( sighs )
THANKS, RACH.
GOODNIGHT.
OH...
( whimpers )
OH, GOD.
GOOD MORNING.
WELL, SOMEBODY
GOT SOME LAST NIGHT.
TWICE.